Title: Artificial Intelligence News -- ScienceDaily

URL: https://www.sciencedaily.com/news/computers_math/artificial_intelligence/

Content:
Artificial Intelligence News -- ScienceDaily Artificial Intelligence News March 28, 2025 Top Headlines A Lighter, Smarter Magnetoreceptive Electronic Skin Mar. 27, 2025 — Imagine navigating a virtual reality with contact lenses or operating your smartphone under water: This and more could soon be a reality thanks to innovative e-skins. A research team has developed an electronic skin that detects and precisely tracks ... Philosophy: Cultural Differences in Exploitation of Artificial Agents Mar. 26, 2025 — A new study shows that people in Japan treat robots and AI agents more respectfully than people in Western ... These Electronics-Free Robots Can Walk Right Off the 3D-Printer Mar. 25, 2025 — This a robot can walk, without electronics, and only with the addition of a cartridge of compressed gas, right off the 3D-printer. It can also be printed in one go, from one ... Revolutionary Blueprint to Fuse Wireless Technologies and AI Mar. 18, 2025 — Virginia Tech researchers say a true revolution in wireless technologies is only possible through endowing the system with the next generation of artificial intelligence (AI) that can think, imagine, and plan akin to humans. Doing so will allow ... Latest Headlines updated 10:40pm EDT Coffee-Making Robot Breaks New Ground for AI Machines Mar. 18, 2025 — An AI-powered robot that can prepare cups of coffee in a busy kitchen could usher in the next generation of intelligent machines, a study ... 'Democratizing Chemical analysis':Chemists Use Machine Learning and Robotics to Identify Chemical Compositions from Images Mar. 18, 2025 — Chemists have created a machine learning tool that can identify the chemical composition of dried salt solutions from an image with 99% accuracy. By ... Squirrel-Inspired Leaping Robot Can Stick a Landing on a Branch Mar. 19, 2025 — A leaping robot could have application in search and rescue, construction, even forest monitoring. But how do you design a robot to stick a landing on a branch or pipe? Biologists worked with robot ... Artificial Muscle Flexes in Multiple Directions, Offering a Path to Soft, Wiggly Robots Mar. 17, 2025 — Engineers developed a method to grow artificial muscle tissue that twitches and flexes in multiple, coordinated directions. These tissues could be ... Are Robotic Hernia Repairs Still in the 'Learning Curve' Phase? Mar. 5, 2025 — Cutting edge technology may come with ... Smart, Energy-Efficient Robot Grippers Cut Production Costs Mar. 6, 2025 — Energy remains a significant factor in industrial production processes. High levels of energy consumption make production more expensive and exacerbate the climate crisis. A new type of robot ... Artificial Muscles for Tremor Suppression Mar. 6, 2025 — Scientists have developed a biorobotic arm that can mirror human tremors, such as those experienced by individuals that live with Parkinson's disease. Artificial muscles on either side of the forearm ... Paralyzed Man Moves Robotic Arm With His Thoughts Mar. 6, 2025 — Researchers have enabled a man who is paralyzed to control a robotic arm through a device that relays signals from his brain to a computer. He was able to grasp, move and drop objects just by ... My Compliments to the Chef: Researcher Studies Robots in the Kitchen Mar. 5, 2025 — Walking into your favorite restaurant and seeing a robot chef in the kitchen may seem far-fetched, but new research suggests that bots could be a solution to persistent labor shortages in the ... Feeling Is Believing: Bionic Hand 'Knows' What It's Touching, Grasps Like a Human Mar. 5, 2025 — Engineers have developed a pioneering prosthetic hand that can grip plush toys, water bottles, and other everyday objects like a human, carefully ... Coffee-Making Robot Breaks New Ground Identifying Chemical Compositions from Images Leaping Squirrel-Inspired Robot Toward Soft, Wiggly Robots Robotic Hernia Repairs Smart, Energy-Efficient Robot Grippers Artificial Muscles for Tremor Suppression Paralyzed Man Moves Robotic 