Title: Artificial intelligence | MIT News

URL: https://news.mit.edu/topic/artificial-intelligence2

Content:
Suggestions or feedback? Download RSS feed: News Articles / In the Media / Audio EduFi, founded by an MIT alumna, provides low-interest student loans to families in Pakistan so more can attend college. March 27, 2025 Read full story → A new international collaboration unites MIT and maritime industry leaders to develop nuclear propulsion technologies, alternative fuels, data-powered strategies for operation, and more. March 26, 2025 Read full story → Researchers fuse the best of two popular methods to create an image generator that uses less energy and can run locally on a laptop or smartphone. March 21, 2025 Read full story → Stuart Levine ’97, director of MIT’s BioMicro Center, keeps departmental researchers at the forefront of systems biology. March 19, 2025 Read full story → As artificial intelligence develops, we must ask vital questions about ourselves and our society, Ben Vinson III contends in the 2025 Compton Lecture. March 18, 2025 Read full story → U.S. Air Force engineer and PhD student Randall Pietersen is using AI and next-generation imaging technology to detect pavement damage and unexploded munitions. March 13, 2025 Read full story → New research could allow a person to correct a robot’s actions in real-time, using the kind of feedback they’d give another human. March 7, 2025 Read full story → Felice Frankel discusses the implications of generative AI when communicating science visually. March 6, 2025 Read full story → Materials scientist is honored for his academic leadership and innovative research that bridge engineering and nature. March 3, 2025 Read full story → Agreement between MIT Microsystems Technology Laboratories and GlobalFoundries aims to deliver power efficiencies for data centers and ultra-low power consumption for intelligent devices at the edge. February 28, 2025 Read full story → The programmable proteins are compact, modular, and can be directed to modify DNA in human cells. February 27, 2025 Read full story → FragFold, developed by MIT Biology researchers, is a computational method with potential for impact on biological research and therapeutic applications. February 20, 2025 Read full story → A new study shows LLMs represent different data types based on their underlying meaning and reason about data in their dominant language. February 19, 2025 Read full story → ReviveMed uses AI to gather large-scale data on metabolites — molecules like lipids, cholesterol, and sugar — to match patients with therapeutics. February 19, 2025 Read full story → Whitehead Institute and CSAIL researchers created a machine-learning model to predict and generate protein localization, with implications for understanding and remedying disease. February 13, 2025 Read full story → Massachusetts Institute of Technology77 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA, USA